Pardon me?
Miss, do you want to change into your wedding dress?
No need, change it.
I'll change it for her.
You just said
You have already figured out how to deal with Wang Yu
You should know
The first person in Wang Yu's eyes is you
And the person he cares about the most is you
Exactly.
If he knew
I've lost all interest in you
Also drove you out of the cheap
I don't think his sister will target you.
It won't target Guoguo anymore
You know
I can't let Guoguo leave my side
Don't worry, it won't always be like this.
You just need to hide for a while
Once I caught Wang Yu's Barbie
You can be reunited with Guoguo
Jiang Yu is right
This is really the best way to go
Can I give Guoguo to you with peace of mind?
Isn't that what you said?
We've always been on the side
Miss Chen, have you set up your wedding dress yet?